gh-136061: IDLE - modernize idlelib code in editor.Editor.load_extension methodname processing (#134874)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Security/2025-05-29-03-24-18.gh-issue-134873.dziqkQ.rst

> Fix a DOS vulnerability in :mod:`idlelib` regarding string slicing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> A DOS vulnerability in ``idlelib`` is fixed regarding string slicing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fix a DOS vulnerability in :mod:`idlelib` regarding string slicing.
```
